# Dragonslayer's Axe

The Dragonslayer's Axe is obtained by following Sirris' quest line into
Irithyll. This weapon is among some of the powerful weapons you can two-hand at
SL1. The axe has built-in lightning damage and you can buff it with Gold Pine
Resin or another elemental buff for some extra damage output. Lightning is
effective against many enemies and various bosses.

## High Lord Wolnir

{% youtube id="9rqmFhRc3dU", title="SL1 High Lord Wolnir, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

{% youtube id="ppK_-JTo5Ss", title="SL1 Cheese High Lord Wolnir, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

This boss is easy to cheese with Poison Mist; ensure you have at least Ashen
Estus Flask x 5. Two casts of Poison Mist are enough to poison Wolnir. The melee
fight can be frustrating because the boss tends to move his arms around and
breathes a mist that can rapidly drain your HP. Inflict maximum damage by
triggering the effect of the Red Tearstone Ring, equip Flynn's Ring and unequip
all armour pieces, and buff the Raw Broadsword+10 with Gold Pine Resin.

## Irithyll of the Boreal Valley

{% youtube id="_Hi95Te47EE", title="SL1 Sulyvahn's Beast on the bridge, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

Light the Irithyll of the Boreal Valley bonfire. Defeat the Sulyvahn's Beast on
the bridge to receive Pontiff's Right Eye, a ring that boosts your damage output
as long as you spam R1. Light the Central Irithyll bonfire. Backtrack to the
Irithyll of the Boreal Valley bonfire, find Sirris' summon sign, and be summoned
into Sirris' world to help her defeat Creighton. Then warp back to Firelink
Shrine, exhaust her dialogue, and be gifted with the Silvercat Ring. Exhaust
Greirat's dialogue, send him on his second pillage mission, and warp back to
Firelink Shrine to trigger his departure. To ensure his safe return, defeat the
Old Demon King.

## Old Demon King

{% youtube id="7lhDLShhsCU", title="SL1 Old Demon King, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

{% youtube id="FFrKmAIg4bA", title="SL1 Old Demon King versus Composite Bow, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

{% youtube id="1VNj2jv8TwE", title="SL1 NG+7 Old Demon King poison & toxic, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

This boss is weak against dark and resistant against poison, but can still be
poisoned. Use the poison infused Rotten Ghru Dagger+7 to inflict poison, then
buff the Raw Broadsword+10 with Human Pine Resin. Alternatively, use Poison Mist
to inflict poison on the boss. Defeating the Old Demon King should trigger
Greirat's safe return to Firelink Shrine, where he now sells Lightning Bolts
among other new items.

## Irithyll of the Boreal Valley

{% youtube id="2Nr6Y2_RDDg", title="How to get Dragonslayer's Axe, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

{% youtube id="vOiEvBipc5M", title="SL1 How to cheese Creighton the Wanderer, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

{% youtube id="tY26idqZ7bA", title="Undead Bone Shard at Irithyll of the Boreal Valley, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

Light the Church of Yorshka bonfire. Exhaust Anri's dialogue to receive the Ring
of the Evil Eye, after which you can kill Anri to collect Anri's Straight Sword.
Go outside and trigger Creighton to invade you. Defeat him and be rewarded with
the Dragonslayer's Axe. The axe has built-in lightning damage and can be infused
with a Raw Gem. Buffing the weapon with Gold Pine Resin/Bundle further increases
the lightning damage, making the axe effective against many strong enemies and
bosses. An Undead Bone Shard is found behind a tombstone, near where Creighton
invaded you.
