# Prisoner's Chain

The Prisoner's Chain is a ring that grants five points to each of Vigor,
Endurance, and Vitality but at the cost of receiving an extra 4% damage.
Receiving more damage is not an issue because, without the ring, you would most
likely be one- or two-shot by bosses and most enemies. The Prisoner's Chain
together with the Ring of Favor provide a significant boost to your Stamina.

## Oceiros, the Consumed King

{% youtube id="d7DnkLB2bgk", title="SL1 Oceiros the Consumed King, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

This boss is weak against lightning and vulnerable to frostbite. The
Dragonslayer's Axe has built-in lightning damage. Upgrade the weapon as high as
possible and buff it with Gold Pine Resin/Bundle. You must two-hand the axe to
properly wield it. The frostbite strategy requires you to equip the (Follower)
Torch in the left hand and the Irithyll Straight Sword in the right hand. Three
R1s with the Irithyll Straight Sword+5 should be sufficient for the boss to be
frostbitten. An L2 with the (Follower) Torch resets the invisible frostbite
metre of the boss. During phase one, position your character close to the boss
at the crotch area. Occasionally, the boss would stab his staff into the ground
to cast Pestilent Mist. Take the opportunity to dash to his tail and get in a
few hits. Phase two is the most dangerous phase because Oceiros is now in a
feral state. He would rampage around the arena and sometimes performs an instant
forward charging attack. The instant charge is difficult to predict and dodge.
Position your character at the side of the boss whenever possible and constantly
roll dodge whenever Oceiros performs an attack.

{% youtube id="vBdkG9JYP24", title="Location of Path of the Dragon gesture, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

Defeat Oceiros, light the bonfire, and open the stone gates. Make your way to
the Untended Graves bonfire, collecting the gesture "Path of the Dragon" on your
way. The gesture is required to access Archdragon Peak.

## Untended Graves

{% youtube id="jsRiquQeF2M", title="SL1 NG+7 Cheese the Sword Master, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

{% youtube id="vMIAmOmWcE8", title="Titanite Chunk x 2 at Untended Graves, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

If you have not already done so, find Sword Master outside of Firelink Shrine
and defeat him. He would then be available to be summoned at the dark version of
Untended Graves. Then start from the Untended Graves bonfire. Titanite Chunk x 2
are found in the area with Grave Warden x 2. Further ahead is a cliff where
Daughter of Crystal Kriemhild would invade you. Clear the area while unembered
and run to the fog wall of Champion Gundyr. Use an ember and summon Sword Master
to help you gank Kriemhild.

{% youtube id="xiLhCoyVd9g", title="SL1 Champion Gundyr, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

## Champion Gundyr

Like Oceiros, this boss is vulnerable to frostbite. Equip these in the left
hand: Small Leather Shield, Storyteller's Staff, and (Follower) Toch. Equip the
Irithyll Straight Sword+5 in the right hand. At the start of the fight when
Gundyr is standing up, cast the weapon art of the Storyteller's Staff to poison
him. You might need to perform two casts in order for the boss to be inflicted
with poison. Switch to the Small Leather Shield in the left hand. Look for
opportunities to parry and riposte with the Irithyll Straight Sword. After
triggering frostbite, switch to the Torch in the left hand and L2. Rinse and
repeat with the parry/riposte strategy.

{% youtube id="a-LQ1E8KFnQ", title="Locations of Hornet Ring, Coiled Sword Fragment, Priestess Ring, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

Defeat Champion Gundyr and make your way to the dark version of Firelink Shrine.
The Hornet Ring is found near a Black Knight who wields a great axe. The ring
boosts your riposte damage, particularly useful against bosses that can be
riposted. The Coiled Sword Fragment is inside the dark Firelink Shrine, where
the bonfire is located. This item acts as an infinite use Homeward Bone. Do not
trade the item with Pickle-Pee.

{% youtube id="qLc_2NED8KQ", title="How to cast Tears of Denial at SL1, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

The Priestess Ring is sold by the Shrine Handmaid at the dark Firelink Shrine
for 1,000 souls. The ring increases your Faith by five points. You now have the
pre-requisites for casting Tears of Denial at SL1. Equip the Saint's Ring to
grant you an extra Attunement Slot, bringing your Attunement Slots to two and
allowing you to attune Tears of Denial. Equip the Priestess Ring to increase
your Faith to 15, required for casting Tears of Denial. You don't have enough FP
to cast this miracle so you must equip the Dusk Crown Ring as a means of
reducing the FP required to cast the miracle. Use any talisman to cast Tears of
Denial, even if you do not have the required stats to wield the talisman.

{% youtube id="-7WMNEHSzeE", title="How to get Prisoner's Chain, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

Warp back to Firelink Shrine, talk to Ludleth, and transpose the Soul of
Champion Gundyr into the Prisoner's Chain.
