# Raw Broadsword+7, part 1

## Firelink Shrine

{% youtube id="tsKpF6MEBg0", title="Trade for Large Titanite Shard with Pickle Pee, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

Trade a Firebomb with Pickle Pee to obtain Large Titanite Shard x 1.

## High Wall of Lothric

{% youtube id="zoerVxXuves", title="Large Titanite Shard from Lothric Wyvern, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

A Lothric Wyvern perches atop a tower. Deal enough damage to the wyvern and it
would drop Large Titanite Shard x 1. Farm for a Knight's Crossbow from the
Lothric Knight x 4 outside Vordt's arena. Upgrade the Knight's Crossbow to +1,
but +2 is recommended. Use Sniper Bolts to shoot at the wyvern.

## Cathedral of the Deep

{% youtube id="U9d2rpxZOro", title="Location of Paladin's Ashes, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

Start from the Crystal Sage bonfire and head to the Cathedral of the Deep
bonfire. _En route_ kill Crystal Lizard x 2 for Twinkling Titanite x 2 to
upgrade the Irithyll Straight Sword. Grab the Paladin's Ashes near the bonfire.
Give the Ashes to the Shrine Handmaid to allow you to purchase Blooming Purple
Moss Clump x 4 and Undead Hunter Charm. A Titanite Shard can be found hidden
near the bonfire. Grab the Shard for upgrading the Caestus and/or Knight's
Crossbow. Proceed to the Cleansing Chapel bonfire.

## Cleansing Chapel

{% youtube id="_HXQG-ZSd-Y", title="Titanite Shard & Estus Shard near Cleansing Chapel, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

{% youtube id="R770c23gYzk", title="Location of Astora Greatsword, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

{% youtube id="ZX-9dXDAmsI", title="Titanite Shard x 3 & Twinkling Titanite x 2 near Cleansing Chapel, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

{% youtube id="IDUVK1d9RMU", title="Undead Bone Shard at Cleansing Chapel, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

An Estus Shard is found near the door to the Cleansing Chapel bonfire, guarded
by a bunch of kneeling Hollows. You should now have nine uses of your Estus
Flask. The Astora Greatsword is found further ahead. This ultra great sword
allows you to deal with many strong enemies and is useful for crowd control. You
can't properly two-hand the weapon without various rings. Collect an Undead Bone
Shard near a birch tree. Your Estus Flask should now be at +2. Collect all Young
White Branches by the birch tree to advance the quest line of the giant archer.
Kick the nearby ladder and descend the ladder to collect Titanite Shard x 3 and
kill Crystal Lizard x 2 for Twinkling Titanite x 2.

{% youtube id="d1wdCCyRIcY", title="Large Titanite Shard from first Giant Slave at Cleansing Chapel, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

{% youtube id="jGv1SPcZh5U", title="Large Titanite Shard from second Giant Slave at Cleansing Chapel, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

{% youtube id="_qw_5tF7PR4", title="Location of Lloyd's Sword Ring, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

{% youtube id="sL1D3f4m3A0", title="SL1 Cheese a Giant Slave at the Cleansing Chapel, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

Inside the cathedral, kill the Giant Slave x 2 for Large Titanite Shard x 2 and
Dung Pie x 8. You will use Dung Pie to inflict toxic on an annoying enemy in a
late-game area. With the Giant Slave x 2 gone, you have unfettered access to
Lloyd's Sword Ring. Grab the ring and equip it to boost your damage output when
your HP bar is at least 98% full. Open two shortcuts to the bonfire.

{% youtube id="uR_JyV1qW-M", title="Blessed Gem at Cleansing Chapel, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

A cleric drops the Deep Ring, which allows for an additional Attunement Slot.
Initiate Patches' quest line. Completing his quest line would allow you to
purchase various useful items such as Black Firebomb. Find Patches disguised as
Siegward and exhaust his dialogue. Then cross the bridge to trigger a cutscene.
Make your way to the other side of the bridge and exhaust Patches' dialogue. On
your way, grab the Blessed Gem. Purchase the Catarina armour set. Give the
armour set to Siegward, who is trapped in the well near where you grabbed an
Estus Shard, to advance his quest line. You will need the Blessed Gem to infuse
the Caestus because the Blessed Caestus is much lighter than the Blessed Red and
White Shield+1.
