# Ring of Favor

The Ring of Favor grants 3% boost to your maximum HP, 9% boost to maximum
Stamina, and 5% boost to your maximum equip load. At SL1, the most useful effect
of the ring is the boost to Stamina. The ring is dropped by the Sulyvahn's Beast
x 2 near the Water Reserve bonfire.

{% youtube id="tSROMv23chA", title="SL1 How to get Ring of Favor, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

You should have received the Slumbering Dragoncrest Ring from Orbeck after
giving him all four sorcery scrolls, purchase all sorceries from him, and
exhaust his dialogue. Also purchase the Hidden Body sorcery from Orbeck. The
Slumbering Dragoncrest Ring together with Hidden Body would allow you to safely
approach a Sulyvahn's Beast to cheese it with poison. Both poison and toxic are
a potent combination, but at the moment it is very dangerous and almost
impossible to grab Toxic Mist.

The Storyteller's Staff is the best weapon for inflicting poison on an enemy.
The poison from the staff lasts a long time, longer than that of the Poison Mist
pyromancy. When poisoned with the weapon art of the staff, each tick chips more
HP than when poisoned with Poison Mist. Farm the two Corvian Storytellers who
are located between the Road of Sacrifices bonfire and the Halfway Fortress
bonfire. Equip the Symbol of Avarice and the Covetous Gold Serpent Ring to boost
your Item Discovery. Pop a Rusted Gold Coin to further boost your Item
Discovery. Purchase Rusted Coins from Patches if you need more. Make a backup of
your save file and reload your backup in case the Corvians refuse to drop the
Storyteller's Staff.

Ensure you have at least Ashen Estus Flask x 6. Make your way to the water
reserve at Irithyll, after the arena of Pontiff Sulyvahn. The water reserve can
be accessed by hitting an illusory wall and descend a steep ladder. At the water
reserve, you will find Sulyvahn's Beast x 2. Equip the Slumbering Dragoncrest
Ring to mask your sprinting and walking sound. Cast Hidden Body to obscure your
presence. Approach the left-most beast and cast the weapon art of the
Storyteller's Staff to poison the beast, then run to the ladder and wait. Rinse
and repeat until the beast dies. Apply the same strategy to the right-most
beast. The defeat of both Sulyvahn's Beasts should reward you with the Ring of
Favor and reveal the Water Reserve bonfire.
