# Titanite Slab from Siegward

You need one Titanite Slab to fully upgrade the Irithyll Straight Sword (or
Irithyll Rapier) to +5. Once you have obtained the Hunter's Ring, you can
properly one-hand the Irithyll Straight Sword and use it to fight these bosses:
Oceiros, Champion Gundyr, Twin Princes, Slave Knight Gael, Soul of Cinder. These
bosses, and some others, are weak against frostbite and the Irithyll Straight
Sword is particularly effective against them. Complete Siegward's quest line and
he would gift you a Titanite Slab.

## Irithyll of the Boreal Valley

{% youtube id="uscGdXhtdcs", title="Location of Excrement-covered Ashes, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

{% youtube id="Graju6DU4i4", title="Blood Gem at Irithyll of the Boreal Valley, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

Make your way to the Distant Manor bonfire and light it. Collect a Blood Gem on
your way and use the Blood Gem to infuse the Bandit's Knife. The Bandit's Knife
infused with a Blood Gem is an effective means of bleeding various bosses who
are vulnerable to bleed. At SL1, a bleeding strategy is effective against the
Demon Prince as well as Aldrich. Grab the Excrement-covered Ashes. Give this to
the Shrine Handmaid and she would sell an unlimited amount of Dung Pies, among
other new items. Dung Pies will be useful against a mini-boss at the Grand
Archives. Find Siegward sitting in the kitchen of Irithyll. Exhaust his dialogue
to trigger him to relocate to Irithyll Dungeon.

## Irithyll Dungeon & Profaned Capital

{% youtube id="YJT2WiBpnPM", title="Estus Shard at Irithyll Dungeon, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

{% youtube id="Hp8QDaPQ1XE", title="Titanite Chunk x 2 at Irithyll Dungeon, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

{% youtube id="RA1yz7TcF_c", title="Location of Old Cell Key, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

{% youtube id="_6SD4oDfquI", title="Location of Xanthous Ashes, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

Grab the Estus Shard found inside a Mimic above the Giant Slave. You should now
have 13 uses of the Estus Flask. The Giant Slave drops one Titanite Chunk. A
nearby Crystal Lizard drops another Chunk. Collect the Profaned Coal from inside
a cell containing a bunch of Wretches. Outside the cell are several Jailers
circling a courtyard. Give the Coal to Andre and he would be able to infuse your
weapons with Blood, Dark, or Hollow. You need the Blood infusion for the
Bandit's Knife. An adjacent cell contains the Xanthous Ashes. Give this to the
Shrine Handmaid and she would sell an unlimited amount of Gold Pine
Resin/Bundle. The Old Cell Key is found inside a chest, opposite which is a
Mimic. Opening the chest would trigger a gang of Basilisks to drop down from
above. The key is required for unlocking the jail cell where Siegward is held.

{% youtube id="zuw-P-nVpps", title="SL1 How to get Logan's Scroll, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

{% youtube id="gkA6yf4AcsU", title="Undead Bone Shard at Profaned Capital, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

{% youtube id="xdg32v3WybQ", title="Titanite Slab from Siegward & Covetous Gold Serpent Ring, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

{% youtube id="XUqA72Ogxz4", title="Location of Prisoner Chief's Ashes, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

{% youtube id="FBkAiGNnlzs", title="Location of Jailer's Key Ring, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

Light the Profaned Capital bonfire. An Undead Bone Shard is located right next
to the bonfire. Your Estus Flask should now be +9. Defeat the crystal sorcerer
and grab Logan's Scroll. Give the scroll to Orbeck to advance his quest line.
Rescue Siegward, exhaust his dialogue, and be rewarded with a Titanite Slab.
Near Siegward is a corpse containing the Covetous Gold Serpent Ring. The ring is
useful for farming rare weapons and items. Consider using the ring, together
with the Symbol of Avarice and Rusted Coins, to farm the Lothric Knights at
Lothric Castle for Titanite Chunks to upgrade various secondary weapons such as
the poison infused Rotten Ghru Dagger. Grab the Jailer's Key Ring from a nearby
room. You need this to unlock a cell containing the Prisoner Chief's Ashes.
Collect the Prisoner Chief's Ashes and give the item to the Shrine Handmaid and
she would sell an unlimited amount of Pale Pine Resin. The consumable applies
magic to your weapon and is effective against the Dragonslayer Armour.

## Yhorm the Giant

{% youtube id="RWYv2E0is2Y", title="SL1 Yhorm the Giant, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

Enter the boss arena and dash to the back of the room to grab the Storm Ruler.
Since you have rescued Siegward, he would also join in the fight against Yhorm.
Use the weapon art of the Storm Ruler to quickly kill Yhorm.
